so what do you do when things are
stuck the reason it's stuck is you're
doing the same old stuff that you've
been doing for ages the simplest way to
put it is Zig when others zag try doing
a whole new strategy it's not easy but
it definitely is
doable all right we're going to talk
about how to unstuck your marketing if
your marketing is stuck so if your
marketing is stuck in most cases the
reason it's stuck is you're doing the
same old stuff that you've been doing
for ages and it's not that it doesn't
produce results it just doesn't produce
as great results as it used to because
there's more competition or the channels
that you're focusing are diminishing ex
you get a lot of traffic from Instagram
and it did really well for you but then
their algorithm Chang and now you just
don't get the same reach so what do you
do when things are are stuck and we face
this a lot not just in companies we
consult with but in our own businesses
this is natural this is a normal part of
marketing in which you feel like things
are going great it's climbing but then
eventually they plateau and sometimes
Decline and you got to figure out how to
turn things around it's not easy but it
definitely is doable and the biggest
thing you got to keep in mind is look at
what you're doing that's been working
for you that's been slowing down and
make like a grid so imagine a grid one
with all the channels you're doing right
now and testing and the other one with
all the channels that you're not
leveraging and you haven't been using
now the obvious thing is to go after the
channels that you haven't been using and
test them out and see what happens but
the biggest thing that we usually see
the impact from is either a adding new
channels but B and this one's a bigger
impact it's actually taking the existing
channels and what you've been doing try
doing a whole new strategy so for
example if you've been blogging and you
crank out 50 new blog posts a month try
writing no new blog posts a month look
at your old ones and refresh them or if
you do paid advertising and you're
continually trying to fine-tune those
campaigns actually go spend 20 30 50
Grand on a really crazy landing page
video kind of like Squatty Potty and
what they did with the Harmon Brothers
and just see what happens with the
business right so what I mean is take
the existing channels that you have
instead of do what used to work try
something new and drastic with those
channels because you know those channels
once work for you the question is is how
can you reignite them um most people
choose option A which is just expand
into more channels and you should do
that as well but the real solution that
we've seen that works majority of the
time for companies that are stuck is
actually change up how you're leveraging
the existing channels that used to drive
most your Revenue yeah and so what we're
talking about here is also marketing 101
it's Ada so a stands for attention I
stands for interest d stands for
decision and then a stands for Action
right and so marketing is all about
hooks at the end of the day Neil just
talked about The Squatty Potty video so
that's a unicorn pooping out rainbow ice
cream now that's remarkable people
remember what that looks like yep the
simplest way to put it is Zig when
others zag uh figure out how to stand
out these are all basic marketing
concepts but the big thing is if you're
going to take away one thing from this
video look at your existing channels and
how do you change them up adding new
channels yes can help you get unstuck
but the bigger thing is is your channels
that were working aren't working it's
not because the audience isn't there
it's because you're doing the same thing
everyone else is and they've gotten used
to the tactic and the strategy that
you're using for that channel so you got
to try something
new now if you have any questions leave
a comment below I'm here to answer them
and help you out if you enjoy the video
like it share tell people about it thank
you very much